OECD/OECD_data_template.md, before:

Below is how the data should look like (updated as of 14 July 2023):

|Country Code|Country  |2008   |2009   |2010   |2011   |2012   |2013   |2014   |2015   |2016   |2017   |2018   |2019    |2020    |2021    |2022|2023|
|------------|---------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|--------|--------|--------|----|----|
|AUS         |Australia|341.333|355.298|351.719|362.925|390.442|367.55 |381.61 |398.72 |401.40 |428.75 |456.69 |na      |na      |na      |na  |na  |
|ISR         |Israel   |na     |na     |na     |na     |na     |165.94 |174.00 |180.09 |185.82 |186.12 |199.95 |222.1281|233.5287|246.7509|na  |na  |
|JPN         |Japan    |1890.0 |1930.0 |1960.0 |1850.0 |1880.0 |1920.00|2030.00|2090.00|2070.00|2130.00|2200.00|2290.0  |2400.0  |2560.0  |na  |na  |
|KOR         |Korea, Republic of|636.3  |657.5  |670.4  |706.2  |706.6  |696.83 |718.33 |773.50 |783.58 |782.83 |837.33 |860.4167|846.6667|900.5833|na  |na  |
|GBR         |United Kingdom|1039.0 |1021.0 |1016.25|1069.0 |1120.25|1174.50|1202.75|1263.75|1263.75|1294.50|1306.00|1392.75 |1521.5  |1580.75 |na  |na  |
|EST         |Estonia  |15.65  |14.7   |12.725 |16.725 |18.475 |19.70  |22.07  |24.38  |27.30  |28.82  |28.18  |30.7    |29.65   |31.875  |na  |na  |
|FRA         |France   |670.05 |720.875|736.275|752.5  |744.975|701.00 |720.75 |747.15 |742.50 |792.73 |826.55 |874.8   |934.375 |982.625 |na  |na  |
|DEU         |Germany  |1229.625|1224.55|1211.95|1237.675|1280.375|1152.90|1164.20|1199.22|1259.58|1268.17|1324.12|1369.05 |na      |1579.975|na  |na  |
|IRL         |Ireland  |86.825 |88.075 |87.95  |89.225 |93.925 |95.75  |97.95  |101.70 |108.20 |115.47 |117.62 |123.575 |132.825 |148.725 |na  |na  |
|ITA         |Italy    |541.525|536.6  |522.575|544.4  |554.725|549.00 |551.38 |561.45 |562.05 |564.67 |602.85 |618.125 |623.725 |655.675 |na  |na  |
|NLD         |Netherlands|308.675|299.05 |293.725|284.675|283.45 |253.95 |244.75 |255.95 |272.27 |273.20 |282.62 |300.75  |309.45  |410.175 |na  |na  |
|POL         |Poland   |294.5  |318.225|302.8  |300.025|316.0  |330.82 |356.00 |369.00 |360.02 |378.98 |409.35 |430.4   |445.625 |486.1   |na  |na  |
|PRT         |Portugal |90.95  |90.55  |103.45 |80.25  |84.15  |89.47  |106.20 |103.53 |110.62 |114.85 |121.33 |134.05  |148.575 |175.85  |na  |na  |
|ESP         |Spain    |575.175|533.3  |527.7  |533.275|534.625|522.85 |515.62 |530.23 |545.60 |584.83 |584.88 |602.625 |613.025 |670.775 |na  |na  |
|SWE         |Sweden   |181.85 |179.5  |174.95 |191.4  |200.525|196.55 |197.07 |202.68 |207.43 |223.97 |239.20 |255.175 |269.9   |292.425 |na  |na  |

Commit message:

completed documentation for OECD, updated data template to explain data

OECD/OECD_data_template.md, after:

The data is for employment by year for selected list of countries for the sector 
of Information and Communication (ISIC Rev 4). 

Below is how the data should look like (updated as of 14 July 2023):

|Country Code|Country  |2008   |2009   |2010   |2011   |2012   |2013   |2014   |2015   |2016   |2017   |2018   |2019    |2020    |2021    |2022|2023|
|------------|---------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|--------|--------|--------|----|----|
|AUS         |Australia|341.333|355.298|351.719|362.925|390.442|367.55 |381.61 |398.72 |401.40 |428.75 |456.69 |na      |na      |na      |na  |na  |
|ISR         |Israel   |na     |na     |na     |na     |na     |165.94 |174.00 |180.09 |185.82 |186.12 |199.95 |222.1281|233.5287|246.7509|na  |na  |
|JPN         |Japan    |1890.0 |1930.0 |1960.0 |1850.0 |1880.0 |1920.00|2030.00|2090.00|2070.00|2130.00|2200.00|2290.0  |2400.0  |2560.0  |na  |na  |
|KOR         |Korea, Republic of|636.3  |657.5  |670.4  |706.2  |706.6  |696.83 |718.33 |773.50 |783.58 |782.83 |837.33 |860.4167|846.6667|900.5833|na  |na  |
|GBR         |United Kingdom|1039.0 |1021.0 |1016.25|1069.0 |1120.25|1174.50|1202.75|1263.75|1263.75|1294.50|1306.00|1392.75 |1521.5  |1580.75 |na  |na  |
|EST         |Estonia  |15.65  |14.7   |12.725 |16.725 |18.475 |19.70  |22.07  |24.38  |27.30  |28.82  |28.18  |30.7    |29.65   |31.875  |na  |na  |
|FRA         |France   |670.05 |720.875|736.275|752.5  |744.975|701.00 |720.75 |747.15 |742.50 |792.73 |826.55 |874.8   |934.375 |982.625 |na  |na  |
|DEU         |Germany  |1229.625|1224.55|1211.95|1237.675|1280.375|1152.90|1164.20|1199.22|1259.58|1268.17|1324.12|1369.05 |na      |1579.975|na  |na  |
|IRL         |Ireland  |86.825 |88.075 |87.95  |89.225 |93.925 |95.75  |97.95  |101.70 |108.20 |115.47 |117.62 |123.575 |132.825 |148.725 |na  |na  |
|ITA         |Italy    |541.525|536.6  |522.575|544.4  |554.725|549.00 |551.38 |561.45 |562.05 |564.67 |602.85 |618.125 |623.725 |655.675 |na  |na  |
|NLD         |Netherlands|308.675|299.05 |293.725|284.675|283.45 |253.95 |244.75 |255.95 |272.27 |273.20 |282.62 |300.75  |309.45  |410.175 |na  |na  |
|POL         |Poland   |294.5  |318.225|302.8  |300.025|316.0  |330.82 |356.00 |369.00 |360.02 |378.98 |409.35 |430.4   |445.625 |486.1   |na  |na  |
|PRT         |Portugal |90.95  |90.55  |103.45 |80.25  |84.15  |89.47  |106.20 |103.53 |110.62 |114.85 |121.33 |134.05  |148.575 |175.85  |na  |na  |
|ESP         |Spain    |575.175|533.3  |527.7  |533.275|534.625|522.85 |515.62 |530.23 |545.60 |584.83 |584.88 |602.625 |613.025 |670.775 |na  |na  |
|SWE         |Sweden   |181.85 |179.5  |174.95 |191.4  |200.525|196.55 |197.07 |202.68 |207.43 |223.97 |239.20 |255.175 |269.9   |292.425 |na  |na  |
